Changelog 1.15.2 (#7136)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.15.2] - 2026-07-09

### Added

> - JWT-SVID audience policy configuration with JTI claim support (#6514)

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- Support for configuring JTI claim inclusion in JWT-SVIDs at entry level (#6514)
```

> - Per-caller rate limiting for the agent Workload API and Envoy SDS (#6724)

Reviewer: Do we want to mention that this is experimental?
```suggestion
- Experimental per-caller rate limiting for the agent Workload API and Envoy SDS (#6724)
```

- Configurable batch size for pruning attested nodes (#7100)

### Changed

- Deprecation warnings now use dedicated log markers, making them easier to detect in logs (#6908)
- The OIDC Discovery Provider now warns when `allow_insecure_scheme` is enabled (#6970)
- The post-quantum cryptography policy is now applied to the bundle endpoint and Prometheus server (#6995)
- Attested nodes are now fetched in bulk, reducing database load in large deployments (#7022)
- Agent health check loopback calls no longer emit RPC metrics, reducing metrics noise (#6929)
- Pod and container IDs are now preferably determined from the cgroup file (#7060)
- Optimized the MySQL list entries query to reduce database CPU usage under load (#7113)
- Added AWS CA certificates for new regions to the `aws_iid` node attestor (#6879)
- Migrated `github.com/docker/docker` dependencies to their `github.com/moby/moby` equivalents to resolve CVEs (#7078)
- Documented `URISanSelectors` for the agent SPIFFE ID template (#6872)
- Datastore configuration documentation updates (#7023)

### Fixed

- `azure_imds` node attestation for standalone VMs (#6807)
- `azure_imds` plugin signature validation (#6960)

> - Registered entries are now cascade-deleted when an attested node is deleted (#6946)

Reviewer: Did we limit this to just the special join token entry?

Author: you are right lets me udpate this one
